Here is my solution to the coding assignment. The more I thought about the provided assignment the simpler I realized it was so I thought it was an appropriate time to showcase a simple, elegant data tree built with Java. 
  The biggest design decision I made was to use a recursive function to tally the total cost of a root node and its subtree. Originally, my plan was to have each parent node (managers) have a totalCost integer attribute and that upon the creation of a node (i.e. an employee added to the chain of command) a function or set of functions would move all the way up the tree telling each manager to add the new employee’s cost to their total. 
  Ultimately the reason I sided against this design was that it was going to create a whole litany of edge cases and potential errors, especially if this were to be scaled upwards. As a whole it seemed like the answer to a different coding assignment. I also figured since this data tree was an abstract representation of a software development department(s) the chain of command would not be long enough where this type of recursion would be a real processing issue.
  While I don’t think anymore additions would have justified further delay of this submission, other features I would have added to this project would have been ways to make this tree more versatile. Right now you can add any employee to the end of any manager node. Additional features would serve allow node insertion at the very top of the tree (i.e. creating a new department head) and deletion in any section of the tree. Those additional features would just require a few methods each to make sure node edges were correctly removed and or replaced.
  Because we were dissuaded from using a UI, I learned the basics of JUNIT testing in order to provide proof that the application works. I know ideally the testing would be a bit more granular and comprehensive but since I got a bit of a late start on this assignment I figured four unit tests of one large complex tree would suffice. Each test showcases the application fullfilling a requirement. 
